🏆 Introduction
---
📝 A2.1 Learning activity Requirements specification documentation and the IEEE830 Standard.
 
 **🛠 Instructions**
 ---
- Based on the ERS IEEE830 Standard documentation and the template provided by the advisor, fill in all the points referred to in this document for the case study. Any activity or challenge must be done using the 
- Style MarkDown with extension .md and the VSCode development environment, having to be prepared as a document single page, that is, if the document has images, links or any external document, it must be accessed from tags and links, and it must be named with the nomenclature A2.1_NameSurname_Computer.pdf. - It is a requirement that the .MD contains a tag of the link to the repository of your document in GITHUB, for example Link to my GitHub and at the end of the challenge it should be uploaded to github. From the archive. md 
- Export a file. pdf that must be uploaded to classroom within its corresponding section, serving as evidence of its delivery, since being the platform official here you will receive the qualification of your activity. 
- Considering that the .PDF file, which was obtained from the .MD file, both must be identical. Your 
- Repository plus it must have a file readme. md within its root directory, with information such as student data, work team, subject, career, advisor data, and even logo or images, it must have a section of contents or index, which are really links or links to your .md documents, avoid using text to indicate internal or external links. A structure is proposed as indicated below, however any other that supports you can be
-  used to organize your repository. 

 ✏ Developing 
 1. Insert here the link to the document referred to in the template that the advisor has indicated. 

[Go to Document](https://github.com/acostasaul98/Analisis-Avanzado-de-Software/blob/main/Unidad%202/A2.1_Specification_of_requirements_and_documentation_SaulAcosta.pdf)

💣 Rubric
 
| Criteria | Description |Score  |
|--|--|--|
|Instructions  | Is each of the points indicated in the Instructions section fulfilled? |10 |
|Developing |Was each one of the points requested within the development of the activity answered?  |60 |
|Demonstration | Does the student introduce himself during the explanation of the functionality of the activity? |20 |
| Conclusions| Is a personal opinion of the activity included by each of the team members? |10 |


[🏠 go to requirements specification](https://github.com/acostasaul98/Analisis-Avanzado-de-Software/blob/main/Unidad%202/A2.1_Specification_of_requirements_and_documentation_SaulAcosta.pdf)